# Overrides
xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/config/override_clouds int
xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/config/override_winds int
xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/config/override_visibility int
xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/config/override_turbulence int
xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/config/override_pressure int
xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/config/override_precipitation int
xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/config/override_runway_friction int

# Weather variables
xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/weather/ready float
xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/weather/visibility float

xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/weather/gfs_nwinds int
xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/weather/gfs_wind_alt[16] float
xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/weather/gfs_wind_hdg[16] float
xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/weather/gfs_wind_speed[16] float
xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/weather/gfs_wind_temp[16] float

xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/weather/cloud_base[3] float
xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/weather/cloud_top[3] float
xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/weather/cloud_cover[3] float

xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/weather/wafs_nturb int
xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/weather/turbulence_alt[16] float
xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/weather/turbulence_sev[16] float

# Metar variables
xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/weather/metar_temperature float
xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/weather/metar_dewpoint float
xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/weather/metar_pressure float
xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/weather/metar_visibility float
xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/weather/metar_precipitation int
xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/weather/metar_thunderstorm int
xjpc/XPNoaaWeather/weather/metar_runwayFriction float
